Update pixhawk_rpi.md to v1.14 release (#2958)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/companion_computer/pixhawk_rpi.md

## PX4 Setup

> These instructions rely on PX4 code to support ROS 2 that is supported from v1.14 release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions work on PX4 v1.14 and later.
```
